today I'll be unboxing my all-time
favorite Mouse this is the SteelSeries I
carry laser it is as I just said my
all-time favorite Mouse and I have used
a lot of mice from the likes of Razer
Microsoft SteelSeries all of the big
gaming companies Logitech and this one
is just the best as far as I can tell
now you might ask me why I'm unboxing
something that is already my favorite
and I haven't told you this yet but I
already have over a year's experience
using this Mouse and the reason is that
mine finally gave up the ghost I've been
using it for a long time and it started
acting a little bit weird started
registering single clicks as as a double
click and so I mean I talked to
SteelSeries about it they said that's a
very unusual occurrence I do believe
them because I've got a fair amount of
other SteelSeries gear in my house and
I've never had any problems with any of
it but yeah anyway my old one was acting
a little finicky so I got a new one
shipped over and I am unboxing it so
inside the box which I haven't managed
to focus the camera on just yet I've
just been kind of talking here inside
the box you will find pretty much the
mouse okay you'll find a plastic cover
for the mouse you will also find a
silica gel throw it away do not eat it
please next you will find some more do
not eat and then you will find out okay
here we go here well we have little
that's kind of neat so you unfold this
and then there's a SteelSeries logo
hidden in the packaging like that it's
like completely hidden away until you
until you open up the little doors and
then behind those doors you will find a
SteelSeries icarly's our driver software
which actually okay i'm about to do
something unusual you can go ahead and
install the drivers from the disk
because I don't believe that SteelSeries
has ever updated this software the
version on there
site is version 1.0 and this is version
1.0 if if it's still if it's still like
that and so I guess it goes to show you
you're right a driver well the first
time you never deal with it again
I have a SteelSeries sticker I also have
a little SteelSeries brochure about
their other products including headsets
keyboards and mousing surfaces and then
I've got a little manual for the iqari
laser shows you how to configure your
mouse which which buttons do what you
can also reconfigure them all talks
about the spec of the mouse as well as
showing you how to do profiles and
macros and button settings sensitivity
settings that's one of the coolest
things about this mouse just like the
zai which has actually come out to sort
of replace the iqari laser I've got as I
over there but it's kind of attached to
a computer so it'll be kind of tricky to
show it to you but just like design the
iqari laser can be controlled in
software to within one CPI now CPI is
you can think of it as kind of like dpi
but it's actually counts per inch rather
than dots per inch so you can make
adjustments unlike most gaming mice
where you can go okay you know 500 700
1200 dpi those are your those are your
levels you can actually take the Akari
laser and you can set it to 623 CPI or
you can set it to 624 CPI of 623 is a
little too low now I personally find
that to be one of the best features of
this mouse and the next best one has got
to be that this driverless that means
that you you actually program your CPI
settings your macros everything you want
into the mouse itself it has onboard
memory and when you plug it into the
computer I'm going to show you there's
actually a little display on the bottom
just like this I just gonna plug that in
so I can show you gold plated USB
connector I should probably mention that
okay so there's a little display on the
bottom I'll zoom in so you can see it if
I could just find my remote that shows
you which profile you're using so you
can set up a bunch of different profiles
save them on your computer and then you
can just easily check the bottom of the
mouse to see which one you're using and
that it just takes all of that profile
information and you do not have to
install any drivers on a
you use the entire laser on and let me
see what else should I talk about
software is really easy to use you've
got a couple of different oh yeah you
can only adjust it for two different dpi
or CPI settings so you press the button
on the top and that light switch is to
higher low and then I honestly I found I
only needed to I needed one for regular
use someone for sniping and then when
you've got that because you can adjust
it to such a fine degree you don't
actually need to tinker with it a whole
lot it has back and forward buttons on
the side I'm doing a lot of zooming here
I apologize for that
has back and forward buttons on this
side for your thumb and I should
probably talk a little bit about the
shape it's a fairly light Mouse but this
is easily the most ergonomic Mouse that
I have ever encountered ever because it
just melts in your hands so to speak I
mean it still works after the melting is
all done but it just melts in your hand
it is perfectly like it feels like an
extension of your body when you're
guiding it over a surface so that's
pretty nice oh yeah it has nice big
non-slip arm rather non-slip it has nice
big slippy feet on the bottom so it's
suitable for use with a hard surface as
well as a soft surface I actually use a
cloth pad with it the SteelSeries qck
plus so it's their large thin cloth pad
since I got this one they've actually
released a thick a couple thick ones the
mass as well as the heavy and I wouldn't
mind trying one of those but it works
exceptionally well the qck series thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
steel series I carry laser my favorite
mouse I've actually had a lot of people
messaged me asking me about my favorite
mouse this is it